MEANWHILE, I DON'T KNOW-- I
DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, BUT I AM
STILL RECOVERING FROM THE
ELECTION
OF 2016.
BUT THERE WAS ALSO--
( APPLAUSE )
BUT THERE WAS ALSO AN ELECTION
LAST NIGHT.
DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL OF THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BUT-- 27, 37?
SOMETHING.
MILD WAVE.
BUT IN HIS PRESS CONFERENCE
"USA TODAY," TRUMP SAID THIS WAS
GREAT FOR THE REPUBLICANS AND SO
DID TRUMP.
>> WE SAW THE CANDIDATES THAT I
SUPPORTED ACHIEVE TREMENDOUS
SUCCESS LAST NIGHT.
MIA LOVE GAVE ME NO LOVE, AND
SHE LOST.
BARBARA COMSTOCK WAS ANOTHER
ONE.
I MEAN, I THINK SHE COULD HAVE
WON THAT RACE, BUT SHE DIDN'T
WANT TO HAVE ANY EMBRACE.
PETER ROSKAM DIDN'T WANT THE
EMBRACE.
ERIC PAULSEN DIDN'T WANT THE
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE PEOPLE
THAT, YOU KNOW, DECIDED FOR
THEIR OWN REASON NOT TO EMBRACE.
>> Stephen: I'M-- I GOTTA SAY,
I'M REALLY SURPRISED THAT
STOPPED HIM BECAUSE HE IS NOT
KNOWN FOR ASKING PERMISSION
BEFORE HE EMBRACES.
( APPLAUSE )
I MEAN, JUST LOOK WHAT HE DID TO
THAT POOR FLAG.
I MEAN...
(  LAUGHTER  )
NOW, LIKELY NEW SPEAKER PELOSI
HAS PROMISED TO WORK WITH THE
PRESIDENT, AND HE THINKS THAT'S
A GREAT IDEA.
BUT THERE'S ONE THING THAT COULD
MAKE THAT IMPOSSIBLE.
>> IF THEY START INVESTIGATING
YOU, CAN YOU COMPARTMENTALIZE
THAT AND STILL CONTINUE TO WORK
WITH THEM FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
REST OF THE COUNTRY, OR ARE ALL
BETS OFF?
>> NO, IF THEY DO THAT, THEN
IT'S JUST-- ALL OF IT IS-- IS A
WAR-LIKE POSTURE.
>> Stephen: AND, OF COURSE, WE
KNOW TRUMP'S WAR-LIKE POSTURE:
(AS TRUMP)
"LOOK, NANCY... OW, BONE SPURS!
BONE SPURS!
BONE SPURS.
I GOT-- OW, OW, OW!
OH!
I HAVE TO-- I'M SORRY, I LEFT--
I HAVE-- I'M HAVING A VIETNAM
FLASHBACK.
I GOTTA STAY HOME AND HAVE SEX
WITH MODELS."
THEN I HAVE JEFF SESSIONS ON MY
SHOE NOW.
(  LAUGHTER  )
THAT'S-- THAT'S-- THIS IS WHAT--
THIS IS WHAT THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY IS DOING WITH JEFF
SESSIONS RIGHT NOW.
THEY'RE JUST... JUST SCRAPING
HIM OFF.
JUST-- THERE YOU GO.
THERE YOU GO.
THANKS FOR STOPPING BY.
THEN THE QUESTIONS GOT A LITTLE
MORE SPECIFIC.
>> POINT BLANK, DEMOCRATS GO
AFTER YOUR TAX RETURNS.
WILL YOU TRY TO BLOCK THAT, OR
WILL YOU ALLOW THEM TO HAVE
THEM?
>> LOOK, AS I'VE TOLD YOU, THEY
ARE UNDER AUDIT AND HAVE BEEN
FOR A LONG TIME.
THEY ARE EXTREMELY COMPLEX.
PEOPLE WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND THEM.
PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND TAX
RETURNS.
IT'S A VERY COMPLEX INSTRUMENT,
AND I THINK THAT PEOPLE WOULDN'T
UNDERSTAND IT.
(AS TRUMP)
"OR AT LEAST, I HOPE THEY
WOULDN'T.
OTHERWISE, I AM SO SCREWED."
HERE'S THE THING-- THEY ARE,
THEY ARE.
AND TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS ARE
COMPLICATED.
WE'VE OBTAINED ONE PAGE, AND YOU
CAN SEE THE COMPLEXITY.
(  LAUGHTER  )
TRUMP-- I CAN'T FIG THAT YOU ARE
OUT.
I CAN'T FIGURE THAT OUT.
WHAT COULD THAT MEAN?
TRUMP SEEMED A BIT SUBDUED,
THROUGHOUT THIS MORNING'S PRESS
CONFERENCE, UNTIL HE SAW ONE OF
HIS FAVORITE CHEW TOYS, CNN'S
JIM ACOSTA.
>> DO YOU THINK THAT YOU
DEMONIZED IMMIGRANTS?
>> I WANT THEM TO COME INTO THE
COUNTRY, BUT THEY HAVE TO COME
IN LEGALLY.
>> THEY'RE HUNDREDS OF MILES
AWAY, THOUGH.
THEY'RE HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF
MILES AWAY.
THAT'S NOT AN INVASION.
>> HONESTLY, I THINK YOU SHOULD
LET ME RUN THE COUNTRY, AND YOU
RUN CNN, AND IF YOU DID IT WELL,
YOUR RATINGS WOULD BE BETTER.
>> IF I MAY ASK ONE OTHER
QUESTION--
>> THAT'S ENOUGH!
>> MR. QUESTION, IF I MAY ASK
ONE OTHER QUESTION--
>> THAT'S ENOUGH.
>> MR. PRESIDENT, I WAS GOING TO
ASK-- PARDON ME, MA'AM.
>> THAT'S ENOUGH!
>> Stephen: WHAT?
WHAT A DICK.
DID YOU SEE THAT WOMAN TRY TO
GRAB JIM ACOSTA'S MIC?
SHE TRIED TO SNATCH IT RIGHT OUT
OF HIS HAND.
SHE LOOKED LIKE THE WEDDING
DEEJAY WHO JUST REALIZED THE
BEST MAN IS LOADED.
"OKAY, TONY.
OKAY, TONY, THAT'S ENOUGH.
WE ALL THINK SARA'S BEAUTIFUL IN
THAT DRESS,  BUT PLEASE STOP
USING THE WORD 'DELICIOUS.'"
TRUMP GOT MORE HOSTILE WHEN
ASKED ABOUT HIS CAMPAIGN
RHETORIC.
>> THRSH SOME PEOPLE THAT SAY
NOW THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS SEEN
AS SUPPORTING WHITE NATIONALISTS
BECAUSE OF YOUR RHETORIC.
>> I DON'T BELIEVE THAT.
>> WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
WHY DO I HAVE MY HIGHEST POLL
NUMBERS EVER WITH AFRICAN
AMERICANS.
WHY DO I HAVE AMONG THE HIGHEST
POLL NUMBERS WITH AFRICAN
AMERICANS?
THAT'S SUCH A RACIST QUESTION.
LET ME TELL YOU-- THAT'S A
RACIST QUESTION.
>> Stephen: "AND I HATE RACIST
QUESTIONS.
I LOVE RACIST LIMERICKS.
THERE ONCE OF A BROWN GUY FROM
GUAM-- AND IT GETS A LITTLE SEXY
FROM--
(  LAUGHTER  )
LET'S JUST SAY-- LET'S JUST SAY
IT INVOLVES HIS MOM.
( LAUGHTER )
AND JUST A LITTLE LATER, ANOTHER
REPORTER HELPFULLY GAVE TRUMP
HIS ACTUAL POLL NUMBERS AMONG
AFRICAN AMERICANS.
>> ONE POINT OF FACT, BECAUSE
YOU TOLD HER YOU HAVE THE
HIGHEST APPROVAL AMONG
AFRICAN-AMERICANS--
>> QUIET, QUIET.
>> IT'S JUST 8%, SIR, SINGLE
DIGITS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Jon: 8, 8%.
>> Stephen: ACTUALLY,
TECHNICALLY, IT'S GONE DOWN DO
7% SINCE KANYE GOT OUT OF
POLITICS.
OTHER REPORTERS ALSO ASKED TRUMP
ABOUT THE ACCUSATIONS OF RACISM.
>> MICHAEL COHEN RECENTLY SAID
YOU CALLED BLACK VOTERS
"STUPID."
>> THAT'S FALSE.
>> OMAROSA HAS ACCUSED YOU OF
USING THE "N" WORD.
>> THAT'S FALSE.
>> AND THE RAPPER LIL JON SAID
YOU CALLED HIM "UNCLE TOM."
WHAT'S YOUR RESPONSE--
>> I DON'T KNOW WHO LIL JON IS.
>> HE WAS ON "THE APPRENTICE."
>> I DON'T KNOW.
OH, HE WAS?
OKAY.
OH, I SEE.
>> Stephen: OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD.
DONALD TRUMP AND I HAVE
SOMETHING IN COMMON:  NEITHER OF
US WATCHED "THE APPRENTICE."
HE DOESN'T KNOW LIL JON, SO THIS
PICTURE MUST HAVE BEEN AWKWARD.
LIL JON IS ON THE RIGHT.
AND I'VE BEEN TOLD WE HAVE A
STATEMENT FROM
LIL JON ABOUT TRUMP CLAIMING HE
DOESN'T KNOW WHO HE IS.
>> WHAT?!
>> Stephen: THANK YOU, LIL.
EXCELLENT REPORTING.
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.